Motivated and resourceful aspiring software developer with a diverse background 
and a passion for continuous learning. After pursuing a bachelor’s degree later 
in life and achieving my dream of teaching English in South Korea, I’ve developed 
strong self-management and adaptability skills. My remote work experience has 
refined my ability to work independently and effectively communicate across 
virtual teams. Leveraging a foundation in creative media production, I bring a 
unique problem-solving approach and attention to detail to software development. 
Currently expanding my technical skills through online courses on platforms like 
Udemy, LinkedIn, and Coursera, I am eager to apply my dedication and enthusiasm 
to contribute to a forward-thinking development team.


Collaborated with management on curriculum changes and implementation.
Adapted to living and working in a foreign environment.


Maintained informational resources, tracking and documenting requests for
updates, certification, and credentialing requirements.
Performed primary source verifications such as criminal histories, licenses, and
board certifications.
Ordered various health screenings, competency exams, assigned documents,
retrieved results, and analyzed all for client approval.
Communicated effectively with candidates, recruiters, and clients to address
questions, complete requirements, and foster problem resolution.
Followed varying and specific requirement checklists for multiple clients
simultaneously and worked with candidates to meet credentialing deadlines
promptly.


Managed immigration cases, from recruitment to arrival, for international nurses
seeking employment in the US.
Utilized INSZoom along with Microsoft Office Suite to manage cases and
correspond with overseas recruiters and client hospital personnel.
Communicated and kept positive relations with potential candidates, the
overseas recruitment team, immigration attorneys, and recruitment managers at
client hospitals.
Examined resumes from potential candidates, determined those who are a good
fit for clients, and arranged interviews between clients and candidates.
Handled collection of immigration forms and kept nurses' files organized and
up-to-date.

